fix: some minor docs format (#2703)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/guides/containerization.rst

Building Tensorflow custom op
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Let's start with an example that builds a `custom Tensorflow op <https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/create_op>`_ binary into a Bento, which is based on |zero_out|_:

Author: agree

their custom Dockerfile templates: :code:`ENV`, :code:`RUN`, :code:`ARG`. These
instructions are mostly used and often times will get the jobs done.

> There are a few instructions that you **shouldn't use** unless *you know what you are doing*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of the following instructions can be **potentially harmful**. They should be reserved for specialized advanced use cases.
```

By default, a Bento sets:

.. code-block:: jinja

    ENTRYPOINT [ "{{ bento__entrypoint }}" ]

    CMD ["bentoml", "serve", "{{ bento__path }}", "--production"]

This aboved instructions ensure that whenever :code:`docker run` is invoked on the 🍱 container, :code:`bentoml` is called correctly. 

> In scenarios where one needs to setup different :code:`ENTRYPOINT`, make sure to use
> :code:`ENTRYPOINT` instruction under the :code:`SETUP_BENTO_ENTRYPOINT` block as follow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In scenarios where one needs to setup a custom :code:`ENTRYPOINT`, make sure to use
the :code:`ENTRYPOINT` instruction under the :code:`SETUP_BENTO_ENTRYPOINT` block as follows:
```
